examples/thesis-exp/individualTests/01veritCong/01veritCong.md, before:

No exceptions are raised, but checker fails.

Proof File: x2020_07_24_02_50_45_899_5005750.smt_inproofnew
SMT File: x2020_07_24_02_50_45_899_5005750.smt_in
Path: /home/arjun/Desktop/smtcoq/arjunvish-smtcoq-veritAst/smtcoq/examples/thesis-exp/sledgehammer-benchmarks/Benchmarks/isabelle-mirabelle/HOL-Library/smt_verit/

Problem:
This step:
```
(step t3 (cl (= (= (ite p_d true q_d) (or p_d q_d)) (= (or p_d q_d) (or p_d q_d)))) :rule cong :premises (t2))
```
creates an unsound resolution due to the `process_cong` tranformation in veritAst. For congruence over 
equality, the transformation is equipped to handle equalities where 2 of the 4 terms are syntactically 
equal (for instance in `(x = y) = (a = b)`) but here 3 of the 4 terms are syntactically equal, so our transformation fails. It produces a resolution where there is an extra term, so the Coq checker fails.

Fix: Extend `process_cong` with a case for when 3 of the 4 literals of the equality are equal (in the worst case, you would have an explicit case for each of the cases)

Commit message:

Extended eq_mod_dneg_symm function so that it can check equality modulo symmetry of equality and double neg elimiination at any depth.

examples/thesis-exp/individualTests/01veritCong/01veritCong.md, after:

No exceptions are raised, but checker fails.

Proof File: x2020_07_24_02_50_45_899_5005750.smt_inproofnew
SMT File: x2020_07_24_02_50_45_899_5005750.smt_in
Path: /home/arjun/Desktop/smtcoq/arjunvish-smtcoq-veritAst/smtcoq/examples/thesis-exp/sledgehammer-benchmarks/Benchmarks/isabelle-mirabelle/HOL-Library/smt_verit/

Problem1:
This step:
```
(step t3 (cl (= (= (ite p_d true q_d) (or p_d q_d)) (= (or p_d q_d) (or p_d q_d)))) :rule cong :premises (t2))
```
creates an unsound resolution due to the `process_cong` tranformation in veritAst. For congruence over 
equality, the transformation is equipped to handle equalities where 2 of the 4 terms are syntactically 
equal (for instance in `(x = y) = (a = y)`) but here 3 of the 4 terms are syntactically equal, so our transformation fails. It produces a resolution where there is an extra term, so the Coq checker fails.

Fix: Extend `process_cong` with a case for when 3 of the 4 literals of the equality are equal (in the worst case, you would have an explicit case for each of the cases). FIXED!

Problem1:
The certificate is too long so we can't find the failing step. The fact that true is in there makes it worse because its hard to find the first occurrence of true in the state that doesn't come from the certificate but instead comes from a failing step.
